add bootstrap docs and make git-repository mandatory (#268)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/installer-docs/installing-via-gitops.md

## Simple install from a profile URL

### Bootstrapping your local git repository
When installing profiles you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag (See [below](#the-git-repository-flag)) unless
you have bootstrapped your local git repository. To bootstrap your local git repository run the following:

```bash

> pctl bootstrap --git-repository <namespace>/<name> <path-to-git-repo>

Reviewer: A bit more info about how this is actually referring to flux namespace would be great!
Also what is `<name>` referring to?

Reviewer: Also is `<path-to-git-repo>` a relative path? So if you were to use this command in the root of your repo it would be `.`? On second thought, maybe this would be clearer if it were a real-life example with some commented out explanation 🤔

Reviewer 2: > A bit more info about how this is actually referring to flux namespace would be great!
Also what is <name> referring to?

I think this information exists somewhere else on the page? Maybe copy or rearrange?

Author: I did point to it, but I've also provided a brief summary again

## Simple install from a profile URL

### Bootstrapping your local git repository
When installing profiles you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag (See [below](#the-git-repository-flag)) unless

> you have bootstrapped your local git repository. The `--git-repository` references what the namespace and name of the Flux `GitRepository`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you have bootstrapped your local git repository. The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the Flux `GitRepository`
```

## Simple install from a profile URL

### Bootstrapping your local git repository

> When installing profiles you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag (See [below](#the-git-repository-flag)) unless
> you have bootstrapped your local git repository. The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the

Reviewer 2: This opener is confusing, perhaps:
```suggestion
You can use the `flux bootstrap` command to save commonly used `pctl` configuration to your GitOps repo.

Once such piece of configuration is your repo's `GitRepository` reference.
When installing profiles you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag (See [below](#the-git-repository-flag)) unless
you have bootstrapped your local git repository. The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the
```

[Flux `GitRepository`](https://fluxcd.io/docs/components/source/gitrepositories/)
resource that is pointing at your GitOps repository. The value should be in the format `<namespace>/<name>`, for example
`flux-system/gitops-repo`. This value is needed in order for pctl to generate Flux resources, such as `Kustomization`s.
To bootstrap your local git repository run the following:

```bash
pctl bootstrap --git-repository flux-system/gitops-repo ~/workspace/gitops-repo/
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

_See [below](#the-git-repository-flag) for how to find the namespace and name of your `GitRepository` resource._

```

or something.

 This will create a `.pctl/config.yaml` in your git repository to store the value for `--git-repository`. Future

> `pctl add` commands in this repository will then detect the pctl config and re-use the value, meaning users no longer
> have to provide the `--git-repository` flag.

Reviewer 2: That last bit is obvious I think
```suggestion
`pctl add` commands in this repository will then detect the pctl config and re-use the value.
```

## Simple install from a profile URL

### Bootstrapping your local git repository

> You can use the `flux bootstrap` command to save commonly used `pctl` configuration to your GitOps repo.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't that be `pctl bootstrap`... ?

Author: lmao whoops

Reviewer 2: see, this is what you get when you don't read my suggestions before merging. i hope you have learned your lesson.

> Once such piece of configuration is your repo's `GitRepository` resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once such piece of configuration is your flux repo's `GitRepository` resource.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe `GitOps` repo to be consistent. we have not called it Flux repo anywhere else

If you have **not** bootstrapped your local GitOps repository, you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag when installing profiles (see [below](#the-git-repository-flag) for more detail). The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the
[Flux `GitRepository`](https://fluxcd.io/docs/components/source/gitrepositories/)
resource that is pointing at your GitOps repository. The value should be in the format `<namespace>/<name>`, for example
`flux-system/gitops-repo`. This value is needed in order for pctl to generate Flux resources, such as `Kustomization`s.
To bootstrap your local git repository run the following:

```bash

> pctl bootstrap --git-repository flux-system/gitops-repo ~/workspace/gitops-repo/

Reviewer 3: This deviates from `add` as in, it accepts an absolute path instead of a relative one. Not a problem, just wanted to say that. :D

Author: It accepts both I believe, I just gave absolute as an example. `.` is also valid

## Simple install from a profile URL

### Bootstrapping your local git repository
You can use the `flux bootstrap` command to save commonly used `pctl` configuration to your GitOps repo.

Once such piece of configuration is your repo's `GitRepository` resource.

> When installing profiles you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag (See [below](#the-git-repository-flag)) unless
> you have bootstrapped your local git repository. The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have **not** bootstrapped your local GitOps repository, you will have to provide the `--git-repository` flag when installing profiles (see [below](#the-git-repository-flag) for more detail). The `--git-repository` references the namespace and name of the
```

## The `git-repository` flag

> This flag is required for installing profiles because pctl generate flux `Kustomization` resources for
> deploying the profile artifacts, and these resources need to know what `GitRepository` resource is governing the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This flag is required for installing profiles because pctl generates flux `Kustomization` resources for
deploying the profile artifacts, and these resources need to know which `GitRepository` resource is governing the repository.
```

> To prevent this flag from being required on every `pctl add` users can bootstrap the repository, see [here](#bootstrapping-your-local-git-repository).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid setting this flag on every call of `pctl add`, users can bootstrap the repository; see [here](#bootstrapping-your-local-git-repository).
```

## The `git-repository` flag

This flag is required for installing profiles because pctl generates flux `Kustomization` resources for
deploying the profile artifacts, and these resources need to know which `GitRepository` resource is governing the repository.

> To avoid setting this flag on every call of `pctl add`, users can bootstrap the repository; see [here](#bootstrapping-your-local-git-repository).

Reviewer 3: Should we add something like, avoid setting this flag FOR A REPOSITORY?

Because this feels like it's suggesting that you won't have to ever set it ever again. You know what I mean? That this is a local setting not a global one.
